Hello Hello, I'm from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from the south of Russia, more specifically, the Rostov region Rostov region, support the special operation Oh, let's not have politics I'm more in history in history, I'm not a historian So professionally in historical history What do you want from people Choose Ukraine especially now 50 rubles in in general Yes, I’m on purpose Because I like it when they tell me And what does Russia have to do with Rus', but I ask you somewhere about I just I just can’t understand can answer I just can’t understand two things I can’t understand right now yours the country is bombing my country And you go out to the second question And what are you by nationality This is the first Ukrainian question Slovenian who you are and why should be Rusich what is interesting here you are a Kalmyk, for example, who is there Kazakh, for example, who Well, so who, so what of this what if  I
got to know you
My name is if I am not Russian, then I do not
have the right
My name is Andrey I am from the city of
Khmelnitsky
I am Russian you are Ukrainians Russian is you
by citizenship of Russia and by
ethnicity who
I said I belong to one of the
Turkic folk which Turkic
peoples are many Well  here is one of them
they are embarrassed that the Ukrainians love them the
first question is your nationality
you Maybe there for example Maybe you are not a
Turkic People but a Chechen during yours
for example like this Or you for example
let's say Kazakh or
Kalmykiazh
Why have you been embarrassed for 5 minutes
read it somehow What  such black clubs
are not those Karakalpaks who are good today
, just read it When and where are you the
Arabian sea That's right Yes yes Absolutely
true and many among the Turks who
live in Istanbul yes Didn't live then in
Istanbul really lived where where they are now in the
12th century  in Istanbul but on the territory of
modern Turkey, let's do it in the ninth
century there, for example, some ninth, they are
still
udi  come in like this so they now live there a lot only What is true those black valve klabuks is still unknown they were not because who you are What time did I say I said Let's Stop Tell me I'm Karakalpak I'm Kazakh there someone choose let it be Kazakh or so Kazakh or choose Kazakh, let's what interests you about Rus' comrade Kazakh I'm interested in I, in general, I know a lot of things absolutely let's do it let's do it Take it now swear by your mom that everyone exactly every one says about see first look at chat roulette they say now it turns out not everyone is now not everyone is in chat roulette it's true everyone is in roulette Well and how everyone looks I don't believe that Straight everyone tells you Many don’t even know with whom I talked, I can’t cover everyone with whom I’m super let’s
so I'll be the first who I don't know what Peter came up with Let's So now Wait Now you don't say never so everyone is in chatroulette Yes they say that this game is not game you even have a petition that is on the signature on the renaming of Russia I I can now take it Democracy can do it We can make a petition there in the chat Let's sign this dude in short We'll call him a dolphin and we'll knock us down Well collect the number of signatures Yes and they will have to consider Let's all Let's ask questions to the diagram here Imagine that I am you first I the first one you came across let's I don't know what they told you and you don't know I ask you where you read that Peter renamed Muscovy in 1721 ask me or I read you ask uh where to read it Well you think so you asked me how I am I think Okay, how do you think, since Russia from Kyiv all the stories go or not or not no Why not Why yes well, because I open the encyclopedia  and Ukraine has such a history, you know where Rus comes from, this is part of Vladimir’s Rus, the Suzdal part where it was Where it was in Kyiv, it wasn’t in Kyiv Belarus in Kyiv was not Rus', Kyiv was not only dumps, just like now, for example, let’s take the Soviet Union there or the Russian She is from Moscow to some kind of federation for Zhopinsky, for example, Who is who is a prince, it’s like a governor watching Before whom they sent some kind of there to the Perm Territory or there Ussuriysk so that he collects taxes If you say that Rus' is on the territory What Slavic tribe I lived on the territory of the Vladimir Suzdal principality, I am not an expert on Rus', firstly, I said that I am interested, I did not become an expert, this is someone who has a historical education, I have a historical education, look at the territory on the territory of Vladimir of the Suzdal principality, no one yet, well, there are partially these Krivichi in the south and become and part of those Slavs who came from under the wrong thing, that is, the glade and the northerners
f Can you say somewhere it says that they
came to the glade and the northerners came there
Vladimirskaya Suzdal principality,
for example, that Vladimir Monomakh himself
writes in receipt that he went to Rostov 22 times
and his father How many people
moved
I explain to you if to Chechnya, for example,
now from  The governor of Moscow comes to
Chechnya and 28 people means that Chechnya
becomes Rus or Muscovy there,
I now call
the dwelling there.
or in
Buryatia there are Muscovites. The same peoples live
there, also where the Vladimir Suzdal
one What kind of tribes lived there
Finno-Ugric truth
yes they lived there they lived there then
Slavic colonization began This is the
same as Indian tribes lived on the territory of the United
States of America
then  the European colonialists came there, the
British, the Dutch, the
French, and so on.  more
here on the territory of the Finno-Ugric
tribes the Slavs came from the south came
exactly disappeared they disappeared did not disappear
they lived there they live today your
favorite moksha not live today
live there Moksha people call themselves
Russian they just don’t recognize it
Yes look These people are just
Russified  Slavicized
finogry where did you read it,
look, the Finno-Ugric tribes lived there
Listen, if the British came to
North America, then it’s no longer the
British, it’s not John Smith And it’s already
mixed by Indians like some kind of John
John Media So what, Well, for example,
in Latin America  so there is,
but the Mokshans lived separately Why did you
decide so that they lived separately Why did you think
that they all
see you come up with Look here, take it
now, for example, the Tatars
who are switching to Russian are
Russified by Russians
do not call Well, as if there are a person How many
in the Russian Empire  there were noblemen of the Tatars,
two Tatar families of Yusupovs, every
barreten and heap  but it was like listening and listening, they were already called their great-great-great-grandfather was so far away that there was absolutely nothing left of the Tatar, and here, that is, it turns out there was a huge number of people, so the Finno-Ugric Tatars lived there, and so on some kind of mass migration of the Slavs from the under the eyebrows there was no mass what they took that was not there Tell me where it was how many millions moved there Well tell me you are interested in not a single historian years, how many Slavs then, that's where you read that a bunch of Slavs moved, for example, from Kievsky there from Russia from Kyiv there from the sub-nebristic to Suzdal there Well, come on now, you really know this, I just finally found why the question you said that you came in large numbers as in America and the British forced out the Indians Where When in what century did this huge migration take place and the city of Chernihiv
Vladimir, which today is called Vladimirsky, founded in them it is written that it was Vladimir the Great, in others it is written that it was Vladimir Monomakh, he founded the city of Vladimir and that stop listen further in the city of Vladimir, two rivers were named on which one river is called lybit as in Kyiv super 2 river called rpen, which Ukrainians in the 15th century renamed Irka where people who moved oil there and people arrived there they live there and today the same ancestors live in the city of Grozny made Lenin Street So it means that the Russians did not live there Chechens lived on Lenin Street before they came some head of the KGB the governor came Yes, who is the CPSU but the Chechens lived there the prince came who collected tribute with him squad all these hundreds of thousands of people who lived in these territories where you see really here I first heard that in the annals somewhere there is a mass resettlement Yes, from the Chernihiv region to the Kiev region there Well, tell me realistically And where to open Dear Kazakh, I’m in  I say they founded when they came When they came from Kyiv they founded Yes, and that they founded the city and called you Slavic called the Slavic city the river the streets called the coat of arms hung Yes, for example there was this governor of the prince there there were still 100 people with him so the rest of the population Where did this come from then further on the basis of what you say documents Show where it is written that later they came listen first Come on let's take today, first of all, the Russian nation of Russians 133 million to me on the topic Let's finish with this Where did these people from Schnigovshchina come from? Kiev region massively two they moved there when you don’t know when you don’t know for what reasons That is, it’s a fantasy city of Vladimir on Klyazma Vladimir on Klyazma I say I agree with the annals they write either Vladimir or Vladimir the Great differ In this city there are two rivers exactly the same as those that were in In Kyiv, we now have a village in the Donetsk region of New York, what does it mean New York
to this means that some idiots took you called new york, that is, it turns out when they called them lybit or Irpin, that means everything moved there. In short, all types of residents you have an approach historically there is not a single person who calls himself an Englishman And who is the same on this same carrier I look for And now we are and not then and not now there is no Vladimir on Klyazma Yes there are no people who are called a Kiever though they didn’t call themselves then what they came, excuse me, it's been since then. Thousands of years, so then, with Vladimir, the city of Yaroslavl was built not far away, you run away again, let's decide, the peoples of the world lived there and a bunch of different Finno-Coal tribes. Yes, they came from Kyiv. also, for example, as there under the queen Catherine there, for example, there is somewhere Orenburg a fortress, let’s say Makhachkala, there was also a city of some kind to  repost made the city people these people lived when they made the city there people here began to slowly slowly integrate into the city Where in this city of Chernihiv how to pronounce somewhere Find in the annals I really want to tell people that they really hid it from us for years and now only Turkic was found the connoisseur of Rus' who revealed this secret to us is not a mystery it is written in all where Show you say in all come on Where in all the books such a historian disappeared fir-trees-sticks finally we found the connoisseur of Rus' in short envy me boxing to believe [music] not with those there is a shkolota that you rub in, you try a Kazakh, only we tell what ice cream is there Who is there that historians you try to Russian Everyone for Rus' will tell, but it’s not clear who he’s afraid to say here in other CIA from And so on Yes, just Rich you start there words fornication there the church built everything and so on
Show Yes, at least one recorded by historians The fact is that Imagine now there was the Soviet Union was part of the Soviet Union, for example Turkmenistan The Soviet Union collapsed and now Turkmenistan we are the Soviet Union we are the heirs of the Russian Empire it would be funny though if you look at Turkmenistan they sent parties there leading for example, a person from Moscow came absolutely like that and it was before, yes, that is, there was Rus' with a center in Kyiv, Kyiv was Here, this Periphery came, these are completely different peoples, there was a different tribal state, a bunch of these tribes were and where they are now it is coming from his Vladimir Suzdal And so on the crime lived there, these measuring and other Finno-Ugric tribes Yes, the prince comes there, makes the city there, puts the beholder there now is called the beholder used to put someone there, like the son of a grandson, he also went and collected money from these tribes city went to the prince in short at night did not sleep  whether the
city developed at the expense of what
population How is Grozny developing is growing
people from the district are gathering and settling in
Grozny yes How is Ulan-Ude developing there
also there were no mass migrations
Yes, there was no That's when he says that in
America Yes, they also drove themselves and further
so in America  we see there it was already
17 18 further than the 19th century it was
a huge scientific and technological revolution
there were
passages
these movements of people were without
problems in the history to which they
are going there are no such
confirmations and even mention of
some mass migrations shorter than the
Slavs from the Chernihiv region of the Kiev region  there, like,
it’s the fact that they were Russified Yes,
because the
language is the same as we are now looking at now
people who live in Udmurtia Yes, and they
forget their language, they are now being
Russified because yes It’s fashionable
and you can’t tell them apart anymore, they already
call them Russian Yes, most  Tatars
who were
Russified Yes,
you also don’t understand Russian Russians So
I love it cool I did come out with this
t the historian load someone like there and we rolled out the reflections I’m generally a historian Yes, we have such superficial historical knowledge But At this level I can send their pancake to the encore and just the moons start to know eminent Russians in the brain above to prove here, but here insifa is shorter, I have such a bra bachil these puffs from them from two of them, we hung something Let's continue the conversation super something hung the Internet was before you or I had That while we were disconnected You can Where were these mass migrations of Slavs from the Kyiv and Chernigov territories to the Vladimir Suzdal principality. But firstly, firstly, the annals do not write that everyone went there with suitcases, I don’t know on the wagons, there are still listed all the Slavic cities that were built on in the north of Rus' there were only two cities with non-Russian names - the city of Murom and the city of Suzdal Yes, but they were founded like that, so they are all other cities  there they had a
Slavic name the
city of Grozny
that the city of Grozny in Chechnya has a
Slavic name
what does it
mean what does it mean if Chechnya the
capital of Chechnya the city of Grozny has a
Slavic name means that there are
Slavs
this city of Grozny was founded by Russian
Cossacks
First it was founded as a Slavic
Russian
Slavic lived there  Ukrainians are Russians
But the city of
Leningrad began to move into it. What does it mean,
for example,
Alma-Ata, it used to be a Cossack
fortress, faithful Cossacks lived there,
then Siberian Cossacks began to move there,
now this is the capital Oh, the former
capital of Kazakhstan
was there the Cossacks made there, for example,
some kind of this
fortress
there were so many signs there Yes, well, the
rest of the population was true, but it was
just the line of the Vainakhs, so Vladimir on the
Klyazma, let's take there was a
hundred of these people with the prince And everything else
was not Slavs, but just not a hundred there
was much more How much
more was there where they came from  annals about
this nobody nothing  e [ __ ] your fantasies Yes, it’s not mine that no one writes they took the city of Vladimir there was and in the city of Vladimir there are three names of the river from Kyiv how many of them came too, the whole population did not come, some kind of military detachment came I’m not saying that everything I tell you is just about cities were not Slavs not Slavs Yes, they did not live in the villages Absolutely Yes E now, for example, in the city of Almaty people live what kind of people live who came from these villages People who came to Almaty in Grozny live people who came from the villages They came to Almaty in Vladimir and they all speak - they speak Kazakh and speak Russian, but in Vladimir they speak, look again because more time has passed yes See how much Russian
it was confirmed how many Kazakhs and under the Russian Empire in America have been living for 500 years but have not abandoned their native language Because they live separately on a reservation they live in the city of Chicago, which you will see when Vladimir, damn it, we will return, you skip the most important thing. the city of Vladimir on the Klyazma so they said Klyazma in short A cool thing came some kind of there the governor of the prince from Kyiv sat down there took a squad Who served this city Who worked there all the same these people who traded there people from all these villages Yes who settled there who became Slavic yes it turns out it turns out correctly that the people who now live in the Vladimir region are the descendants of those Finno-Ugric tribes The heirs are a little bit different The heirs are and these are the descendants so that is, it turns out now the population of the Vladimir region is the descendants of the Techfino-Ugric tribes though who were there No again part of the heirs part a part slavs why because if you open the car  in the
Vladimir region there is not a single
village with a Finno-Mountain name, all of
them are what the name is
now, forget it now, they can have any
kind of population From there Slavic
Bulgarians now speak uh there in the
Slavic language so Bulgarian
Slavic language where did the Bulgarians come from
Bulgaria  it is believed that they came from the Volga
Bulgaria they did not speak the Slavic
language They did not speak the Slavic
languages ​​True Well, they didn’t speak at first,
then they began to speak, that is, yes
Well, they didn’t call themselves, it doesn’t
mean
you understood that people can
learn the language  absolutely Just
like the Buryats who live now, they are
Russified Yes, just like
how many Udmurts now, for example,
know their native language or Maria, I know
that What, for example, Chechens, Dagestanis
know everything because they have not been in this
empire
for a long time, so they
became more Slavicized  listen less question we
will finish you on this issue look
at the territory of power  Dimir of the Suzdal
Principality lived dofigischa of these
Finno-Coal tribes so they are two or
three people people a
bunch of people and you know how many people
lived there Firstly If there were a lot of
cities they would not have why What
does it mean that there would be cities people lived
for example, there wasn’t a single city
if you didn’t have a
city, you have urbanization, for example, in many
we’ll take Ukraine, for example, my regions back
in the middle of the 20th century, a huge number of
people were rural, this doesn’t
mean there were no cities, it means there were no
people, so
We return there these
Finns lived  -Ugric tribes it turns out that the
people who now live on the territory of
these tribes are the descendants of these
Finno-Ugric tribes no
well these Finno-guests the tribes gave
offspring
already geneticists would say let's go
so
let's go back so the
Finno-Ugric tribes lived there they did  children
yes yes
their children made children
their children children made children no matter
where they are so that's where they live now
Nasle  the days of these tribes, well, tell me they are there and live there, they live and the world and moksha live, we measure today the Republic of Mari, at least not Maria, we don’t know Moscow, it turns out, look Children, so these are all grandchildren, great-grandchildren, how many of them should have been there where they are now here in Vologda these Figorian tribes lived in the region gave children grandchildren great-grandchildren they live there it is possible to assimilate some of them but they moved the truth Why did they assimilate with the Russians you explain Because because look because a more technological civilization came from Kyiv so Ukrainians came with a letter Well from Kyiv then still there was no concept Ukrainians are Russians, and someone lived in Rus', they lived there wild meadows there came came speaks Russian look again, it means there Who lived in Kiev brought it again In this region of Vologda there Vladimir in all these regions of all these swamps lived Finno-Ugric tribes
and if there are only Russians now Where did all these descendants of all these indigenous people go, I mean that look at that period this period was called Pereslavl-Zalessky was sent before And in Rus' there was Pereslavl Russian Russian made the city made the city people where they came from in this city where they came from south of Russia information that such hordes of people came once again made the city of Grozny the city of Grozny they did there is the city of Grodno they founded Yes they founded a fortress a super fortress was founded by the Cossacks there was no migration to Chechnya such as on the territory of Grozny there was a military garrison yes Yes absolutely So we consider Yaroslavl also Vladimir on Klyazma as a military garrison, there was no military immigration, therefore there are few Russians in Chechnya Here, there are many of them where it was migration Show it really Tell me when the population all Russian names name when they already became Russian When in the 12-11th century show which village of Glory absolutely Under the Soviet Under the Soviet Union they called the city there that Leningrad  that one is shorter Leninakan
Leninabad and so on. So does
it mean that if now all the cities are named
after Lenin there Stalin Stalingrad
does this mean that these are Soviet cities and
Soviet
Muscovites lived there, for example,
they lived there, but it was not the
majority, they were simply sent there
look, the military was sent
and sent under the secretaries
absolutely. We project this situation on
Vladimir on Klyazma to all these other
swamps, the local population lived there, just
as the local Chechens live there now, they
sent a governor there who should
cut their grandmothers.
These people were in the minority, this
military man  the garrison was also ordered as we see
Grozny Almaty ordered Yes, sure, everything
turns out in Almaty now the Kazakhs live
because they decided there in the majority
in Grozny because
the same descendants of the Finno-Coal tribes live in Vladimir on the Klyazma, the
prince came there with a retinue of Russian people like
the prince
is a military garrison, just like he came
to the Caucasus, for example
yes, that’s right, look around Grozny, the Chechens live, none of them became Russians, because around when when Russia came to Chechnya in what century in the 19th century, somewhere shorter somewhere, like 200 years have passed until approximately consider that in 200 years that is, Russification there takes only 200 years, but it turns out And in those territories it takes 1000 years, you see the difference if for a thousand years after a thousand years they Kadyrov will already speak Russian in the Vladimir region of the Yaroslavl region in all these swamps so the Slavic population as the basis No, these are all descendants Finno-Ugric tribes, why are Russians They Russians oppress the memory of the Finno-Ugric peoples in this way No, if the Finno-Highlanders there would switch to Russian, there would be Finnish words in Russian, and there are no Finno-Ugric words in Russian, remember that there are Russian languages only Kyiv words That's what the word Moscow means What does the word Moscow mean in Slavic languages ​​\u200b\u200bthis is not Slavic And what does it mean  there is a word aka in Slavic and k is also not Slavic What does the word of mountain names mean We take Moscow this is a Finno name Moscow is a Finno-Gorsk river on the banks of Moscow the name Pereyaslavl really was not called in Slavic they were named after they caught it just like the city of Chicago Chicago is not English Moscow Why Moscow didn’t name the city there in Slavic somehow Why they named it after Finno-Ugric Well, because that’s how they called Vladimir Why that’s why that why and why they called Vladimir they called Vladimir was Yaroslavovich called one city they took and named a city from all cities they took a name near Moscow from there is a city there is a city with a Chisto Slavic name that brought the name from the Kyiv region so let's say the city of Zvenigorod and the city of Vyshgorod and Moscow most importantly do not interrupt me the city of Vyshgorod Excuse the city, this all deteriorated these two cities are located because we were the center so
just like under the Soviet Union, Moscow was the
center analyzed by
grandfather So tell me why Moscow How did it
happen that all these Slavic people couldn’t
take Moscow and named it after Finno-Ugric
if you say Moscow, it
turned out like that and there were Zvenigorod and
Vyshgorod nearby And to Moscow for some reason  so I don’t
know, it means that some people still lived there,
they decided on a way of life
in Moscow, they didn’t call it Slavic,
because there probably something non-Slavs
lived there and non-Slavs lived there
and then the colonists came
and where did these non-Slavs go
these non-Slavs may have dissolved in the
majority of the words of the Slavs because the
majority look like this is exactly our
position, on the contrary, I say that a
huge number lived there in the vast
territories of the Finno-Mountain
population because they lived there
for centuries, and the massive mass
migration of the Slavs is once again shorter
let's so you wouldn't
tell me about the mass migration of the
Slavs how many Slavs moved from
your sources and to  Kyiv years in the annals is written no 28.5 people, that is, for this whole story 28.5 people, and now you say that the mass of the Finno-Ugric peoples dissolved in these 28.5 people. You are right, it means there were not 28 of them and there were very there were a lot of Slavs, therefore, the area was 28 and the lower ones were dissolved, we were dissolved according to the facts. You say the facts of the chronicle were a lot a lot, how much what what How much more than one scientist does not know, then it means no, he does not know the name of the cities Leningrad tomorrow st. petersburg what is the name for you the city says if it can change the population Where did it go Here, let's sum it up, look, you don't have any data on the resettlement of the Slavs from the data, this is the name of the cities there Okay, let's do it You have the name of the cities Well, you don't have any data on the mass resettlement of the Slavs from the territory there Kiev region Chernihiv region so In this swamp where did the mountains of the city from there there were no colonists from Kyiv Oh yes, look again
Where did Grozny come from? Here is the fortress
fortress Grozny came
28.5 soldiers made a fortress there
due to the fact that the local population began to gather there
now the local population is
declining
Russian That is, it
turns out Open the history of the city
How many Russians lived in this city There must be
almost how many thousand there the city The
bulk of the total population lived Freedom the
entire population,
then it turns out and look
what we see as a result, we see that
there the ethnic majority of Chechens are
absolutely also on the territory of these blocks
where was Moscow the absolute ethnic
majority is the Finalgor tribes,
they just adopted the Slavic language and
speak Russian now Why
didn’t the Chechens accept because you and I
also went through because they were
occupied for 200 years before the Finalgor tribes
how many Chechens became Russian Come on
well, a lot a lot has become two people Come on
let's do it  let's do this Surkov
pushed Surkov became Russian
Surkov Chechen
Chechen Surkov for yes Ruslan
Khasbulatov who was in the
parliament in 93 you have
one hundred percent
in the Lipetsk region I already discovered the
city of Solntsevo was born in the Lipetsk region Well,
what
and where is the
Chechen and what
to read  and the early years of the biography, omit
Wikipedia early years Well, what does
he have that he
lived there during the Ingush SSR Well,
what did he live there, what of this, but
he came there Well, what does your Shevchenko live in
Kazakhstan,
read at school she met about
I met my mother at school by a teacher of
elementary grades Yuri at birth,
underbek danilbekovich dudaev,
whom she married, they had this son,
that
is, he has a Chechen father, here you have
one, but his mother is Russian Once again
Well, here is your assimilation
example  what they said no no
Now he’s Russian and yes, everything’s okay,
we’re spending a lot of time on you, I’m very
grateful to you, you
’re the first person
to which he agreed to show that indeed, in all these swamps that were colonized, yes, yes, don’t interrupt, and they and they stayed there just like the Bulgarians adopted the Slavic language, the Slavic languages ​​\u200b\u200band now they speak Slavic as well, and these tribes that were there in the world and others were like that they were Slavicized because a civilization came with a letter with more advanced technologies and, let’s say, it culturally absorbed a huge Thank you Russians, you can’t, as a representative of the Turkic ones, thank you so much for helping me show everyone about the real history of Rus' that the Finno-Ugric peoples they lived there and they before they still live, they just speak Russian now Glory to Ukraine It’s so cool with my grandfather it could take our hour, we still caught her and put the squeeze on I’m just a bastard Yes, in short, on my bra like and tells like a Russian fortress Well, yes, all around the Chechens was the garrison left the garrison there is Kadyrov, they even learned to speak Russian, it would have passed  There, for
five centuries, the telephone was not spoken in Russian